c:\users\engin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess.dll.config
c:\users\engin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess.dll
c:\users\engin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\engin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Core.dll
c:\users\engin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.Entities.dll
c:\users\engin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\engin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\engin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\engin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\engin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Core.pdb
c:\users\engin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.Entities.pdb
c:\users\engin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\engin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\engin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\engin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\users\engin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\obj\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\engin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\obj\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess.dll
c:\users\engin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\obj\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\engin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.dll
c:\users\engin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.pdb
c:\users\engin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.xml
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess.dll.config
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess.pdb
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Core.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.Entities.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\PostSharp.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Core.pdb
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Core.dll.config
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.Entities.pdb
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.Entities.dll.config
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.pdb
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.xml
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.pdb
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.xml
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\PostSharp.xml
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\cs\FluentValidation.resources.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\da\FluentValidation.resources.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\de\FluentValidation.resources.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\es\FluentValidation.resources.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\fa\FluentValidation.resources.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\fi\FluentValidation.resources.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\fr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\it\FluentValidation.resources.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\ko\FluentValidation.resources.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\mk\FluentValidation.resources.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\nl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\pl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\pt\FluentValidation.resources.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\ru\FluentValidation.resources.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\sv\FluentValidation.resources.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\tr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\zh-CN\FluentValidation.resources.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\obj\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\obj\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\obj\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess.pdb
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\2017\Projeler\VS.Net\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess.dll.config
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Core.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.Entities.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\PostSharp.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Core.pdb
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Core.dll.config
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.Entities.pdb
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.Entities.dll.config
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.pdb
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.xml
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.pdb
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.xml
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\PostSharp.xml
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\cs\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\da\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\de\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\es\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\fa\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\fi\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\fr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\it\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\ko\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\mk\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\nl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\pl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\pt\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\ru\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\sv\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\tr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\bin\Debug\zh-CN\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\obj\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\obj\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\obj\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\sahin\Desktop\DevFramework\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess\obj\Debug\DevFramework.Northwind.DataAccess.pdb
